todo.md, before:

- get a real test environment separated from production
- add email git config on rotate
- in our tests change directory when running command line stuff
- get the tests passing DONE
- clean up this working directory
- rename unit and acceptance tests to be more intuitive (maybe)
- refactor MobRotation#initialize to read file once
- refactor MobRotation#initialize to use either 2 class methods or 2 instance methods (extract_<something>_from)
- add hook to emacs configuration to automatically show line numbers in (all?) files

help w/o specifying database
make main class match file name **** Done
lots of commented out code in mob_rotation executable *** Done
refactor case statement***
include role information in database file
#add_mobster takes multiple mobsters
explicit path in acceptance tests only works on the mob station
auto-generate help based on known commands *
broken tests break production rotate.txt file - DONE

delete Timer *** DONE
each_with_index ? in remove_mobster ... * DONE
known default database file, overridable * WIP
refactor add_mobster to use sync!* DONE
Tmux integration: powerline 
refactor to mob commands vs timer class (and stuff like that :) **
too much going on in mob_rotation executable? *
add run_with_timer to help.



Break functions out of mob_rotation.rb (God class)
clean up directory structure...**
do all the tests pass???****
understand what it actually does...?
play firecrackers whenever we rotate ***
prevent non-driver from interacting w/ terminal
get more information / permissions about participants (class-based?)
include the project history in README
create a README********
abandon this and move on to something
start a new project
build a browser-based gui
randomize driver / navigator (with limits) **
record a history of rotation
designated driver



TODO
- Unrecognized commands show help DONE
- Timer! *

Fails: ruby mob_rotation asdf cows

____

Add/remove multiple mobsters in one call**
Timer ****
Detect mobsters
Tmux integration: powerline *


# Time.now() == 7min ->timeisup!

# naming acceptance ... again!~~~
# No Readme file ~~~
# End goal of the app ~~~
# add a timer feature ~~~
# is this going to stay a CLI, gem, rails app feature? Forward direction? ~~

# introduce helper spec~
# separate implementation from script~
# organizing cli vs unit specs ~
# Common structure for running tests
# our 'clean state' isnt that clean. Lots of duplicate files from before



# DONE adding remove mobster feature ----
# naming the acteptance---
# add timer feature---
# refactor to dependency injection --
# seperating implementation from the script --
# connect the app with ruby lobby api * -
# add new api via CLI-
# introducing helper_spec(moving)-

# do we keep features that are done or move to changelog?
# focus on refactoring vs adding features?
# adding directory structure

# DONE show mobster should display who navigates and who is driver ****
# DONE method to add
# remove mobsters ***
# remove dependency to / with file ***
# DONE give the describe block a name **
# operating on standard out... would it be worth it to refactor? **
# DONE change it statement... don't know what the subject is *

# --------

# store more mata data in db file(rotation time...)
# write specs for next method rotate?
# how important is it really?
# could change spec to add more meaning
# removing time_to_rotate

Commit message:

Words such as links and todo items

todo.md, after:

- get a real test environment separated from production
- add email git config on rotate
- in our tests change directory when running command line stuff
- get the tests passing DONE
- clean up this working directory
- rename unit and acceptance tests to be more intuitive (maybe)
- refactor MobRotation#initialize to read file once
- refactor MobRotation#initialize to use either 2 class methods or 2 instance methods (extract_<something>_from)
- add hook to emacs configuration to automatically show line numbers in (all?) files
- match pattern on remove (like remove Jacq*)
- shuffle the mobsters
- move test output to ./tmp instead of /tmp
- move todo/features to git issues/ clean up todo
- Timer

help w/o specifying database
make main class match file name **** Done
lots of commented out code in mob_rotation executable *** Done
refactor case statement***
include role information in database file
#add_mobster takes multiple mobsters
explicit path in acceptance tests only works on the mob station
auto-generate help based on known commands *
broken tests break production rotate.txt file - DONE

delete Timer *** DONE
each_with_index ? in remove_mobster ... * DONE
known default database file, overridable * WIP
refactor add_mobster to use sync!* DONE
Tmux integration: powerline 
refactor to mob commands vs timer class (and stuff like that :) **
too much going on in mob_rotation executable? *
add run_with_timer to help.



Break functions out of mob_rotation.rb (God class)
clean up directory structure...**
do all the tests pass???****
understand what it actually does...?
play firecrackers whenever we rotate ***
prevent non-driver from interacting w/ terminal
get more information / permissions about participants (class-based?)
include the project history in README
create a README********
abandon this and move on to something
start a new project
build a browser-based gui
randomize driver / navigator (with limits) **
record a history of rotation
designated driver



TODO
- Unrecognized commands show help DONE
- Timer! *

Fails: ruby mob_rotation asdf cows

____

Add/remove multiple mobsters in one call**
Timer ****
Detect mobsters
Tmux integration: powerline *


# Time.now() == 7min ->timeisup!

# naming acceptance ... again!~~~
# No Readme file ~~~
# End goal of the app ~~~
# add a timer feature ~~~
# is this going to stay a CLI, gem, rails app feature? Forward direction? ~~

# introduce helper spec~
# separate implementation from script~
# organizing cli vs unit specs ~
# Common structure for running tests
# our 'clean state' isnt that clean. Lots of duplicate files from before



# DONE adding remove mobster feature ----
# naming the acteptance---
# add timer feature---
# refactor to dependency injection --
# seperating implementation from the script --
# connect the app with ruby lobby api * -
# add new api via CLI-
# introducing helper_spec(moving)-

# do we keep features that are done or move to changelog?
# focus on refactoring vs adding features?
# adding directory structure

# DONE show mobster should display who navigates and who is driver ****
# DONE method to add
# remove mobsters ***
# remove dependency to / with file ***
# DONE give the describe block a name **
# operating on standard out... would it be worth it to refactor? **
# DONE change it statement... don't know what the subject is *

# --------

# store more mata data in db file(rotation time...)
# write specs for next method rotate?
# how important is it really?
# could change spec to add more meaning
# removing time_to_rotate
